README.md, before:

<a href="https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/releases/download/v1.3/OWASP_MASVS-v1.3-en.pdf"><img width="25%" align="right" style="float: right;" src="Document/images/masvs-mini-cover.png"></a>

# OWASP Mobile Application Security Verification Standard [![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/OWASP_MSTG.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/OWASP_MSTG)

[![Creative Commons License](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ "CC BY-SA 4.0")
[![OWASP Flagship](https://img.shields.io/badge/owasp-flagship%20project-48A646.svg)](https://owasp.org/projects/)
[![Document Build](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/workflows/Document%20Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/actions?query=workflow%3A%22CI+Build%22)
[![Check Markdown Markup](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/workflows/Check%20Markdown%20Markup/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Check+Markdown+markup%22)
[![Check Markdown Links](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/workflows/Check%20Markdown%20Links/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Check+Markdown+Links%22)

This is the official Github Repository of the OWASP Mobile Application Security Verification Standard (MASVS). The MASVS establishes baseline security requirements for mobile apps that are useful in many scenarios, including:

- In the SDLC - to establish security requirements to be followed by solution architects and developers;
- In mobile app penetration tests - to ensure completeness and consistency in mobile app penetration tests;
- In procurement - as a measuring stick for mobile app security, e.g. in form of questionnaire for vendors;
- Et cetera.

The MASVS is a sister project of the [OWASP Mobile Security Testing Guide](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-mstg "OWASP Mobile Security Testing Guide").

# Getting the MASVS

The latest version of the MASVS is available as PDF, epub and docx and can be downloaded from the [releases page](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/releases "Releases"). The documents were created by using [pandocker](https://github.com/dalibo/pandocker/ "pandocker").

Want to have the latest `snapshot` version? Check [the latest Github build action](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Document+Build%22). The MASVS is also available in different languages:

- [Brazilian Portuguese](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-ptbr "Brazilian Portuguese")
- [Chinese (Simplified) - ZHCN](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-zhcn "Simplified Chinese (ZHCN)")
- [Chinese (Traditional) - ZHTW](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-zhtw "Traditional Chinese (ZHTW)")
- [English](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document "English")
- [French](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-fr "French")
- [German](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-de "German")
- [Hindi (in progress)](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-hi "Hindi")
- [Japanese](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-ja "Japanese")
- [Korean](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-ko "Korean")
- [Persian](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-fa "Persian")
- [Portuguese](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-ptpt "Portuguese")
- [Russian](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-ru "Russian")
- [Spanish](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-es "Spanish")  

## Gitbook

Read the English version on [Gitbook](https://mobile-security.gitbook.io/masvs/ "GitBook Mobile AppSec Verification Standard"). The book is automatically synchronized with the main repo.

## Create new PDF, EPUB and Word document

> These steps were tested on macOS, Kali and Ubuntu 18

You can find the documents on the [release page](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/releases). If you want to generate the documents yourself, execute the following steps:

- The document creation uses a Docker container, so make sure that you have [Docker installed](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop).

- If using macOS, install `gnu-sed` via brew.

```shell
$ brew install gnu-sed
```

- Clone the MASVS repository:

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/
$ cd owasp-masvs/
```

- Run the document generation script for the chosen language:

```shell
$ ./tools/docker/pandoc_makedocs_local.sh Document-de LATEST
```

- "Document-de" specifies the folder of the language that is used to generate the documents. Simply replace it with the language you want to use.
- "LATEST" is the string that will be printed on the cover.

This produces PDF, EPUB and DOCX files in the root of the project.

## Exporting to JSON, XML and CSV

The repository contains a Python tool for converting the requirements into various formats. Clone the repo and run `export.py` from the tools folder.

```shell
export.py [-h] [--format {json,xml,csv}] [--lang {es/ru/en/fr/de/zhtw/ja}]
```

## Suggestions and Feedback

To report and error or suggest an improvement, please create an [issue](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/issues "Github issues") or create a Pull Request.

# How to Contribute

The MASVS is an open source effort and we welcome contributions and feedback. If you want to contribute additional content, or improve existing content, we suggest that you first contact us on the OWASP MSTG Slack channel:

<https://owasp.slack.com/messages/project-mobile_omtg/details/>

You can sign up here:

[https://owasp.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-g398htpy-AZ40HOM1WUOZguJKbblqkw#/](https://owasp.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-g398htpy-AZ40HOM1WUOZguJKbblqkw#/)

Before you start contributing, please check our [contribution guide](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md "Contribution Guide") which should get you started.

# Read Individual Sections of the MASVS Here

- [Foreword](Document/0x01-Foreword.md)
- [Frontispiece](Document/0x02-Frontispiece.md)
- [The Mobile Application Security Verification Standard](Document/0x03-Using_the_MASVS.md)
- [Assessment and Verification](Document/0x04-Assessment_and_Certification.md)
- [V1: Architecture, Design and Threat Modeling Requirements](Document/0x06-V1-Architecture_design_and_threat_modelling_requireme.md)
- [V2: Data Storage and Privacy Requirements](Document/0x07-V2-Data_Storage_and_Privacy_requirements.md)
- [V3: Cryptography Requirements](Document/0x08-V3-Cryptography_Verification_Requirements.md)
- [V4: Authentication and Session Management Requirements](Document/0x09-V4-Authentication_and_Session_Management_Requirements.md)
- [V5: Network Communication Requirements](Document/0x10-V5-Network_communication_requirements.md)
- [V6: Environmental Interaction Requirements](Document/0x11-V6-Interaction_with_the_environment.md)
- [V7: Code Quality and Build Setting Requirements](Document/0x12-V7-Code_quality_and_build_setting_requirements.md)
- [V8: Resiliency Against Reverse Engineering Requirements](Document/0x15-V8-Resiliency_Against_Reverse_Engineering_Requirements.md)
- [Appendix A: Glossary](Document/0x90-Appendix-A_Glossary.md)
- [Appendix B: References](Document/0x91-Appendix-B_References.md)
- [Release notes](CHANGELOG.md)

Commit message:

added support for non-latin fonts

README.md, after:

<a href="https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/releases/download/v1.3/OWASP_MASVS-v1.3-en.pdf"><img width="25%" align="right" style="float: right;" src="Document/images/masvs-mini-cover.png"></a>

# OWASP Mobile Application Security Verification Standard [![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/OWASP_MSTG.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/OWASP_MSTG)

[![Creative Commons License](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ "CC BY-SA 4.0")
[![OWASP Flagship](https://img.shields.io/badge/owasp-flagship%20project-48A646.svg)](https://owasp.org/projects/)
[![Document Build](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/workflows/Document%20Build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/actions?query=workflow%3A%22CI+Build%22)
[![Check Markdown Markup](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/workflows/Check%20Markdown%20Markup/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Check+Markdown+markup%22)
[![Check Markdown Links](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/workflows/Check%20Markdown%20Links/badge.svg)](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Check+Markdown+Links%22)

This is the official Github Repository of the OWASP Mobile Application Security Verification Standard (MASVS). The MASVS establishes baseline security requirements for mobile apps that are useful in many scenarios, including:

- In the SDLC - to establish security requirements to be followed by solution architects and developers;
- In mobile app penetration tests - to ensure completeness and consistency in mobile app penetration tests;
- In procurement - as a measuring stick for mobile app security, e.g. in form of questionnaire for vendors;
- Et cetera.

The MASVS is a sister project of the [OWASP Mobile Security Testing Guide](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-mstg "OWASP Mobile Security Testing Guide").

# Getting the MASVS

The latest version of the MASVS is available as PDF, epub and docx and can be downloaded from the [releases page](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/releases "Releases"). The documents were created by using [pandocker](https://github.com/dalibo/pandocker/ "pandocker").

Want to have the latest `snapshot` version? Check [the latest Github build action](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/actions?query=workflow%3A%22Document+Build%22). The MASVS is also available in different languages:

- [Brazilian Portuguese](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-ptbr "Brazilian Portuguese")
- [Chinese (Simplified) - ZHCN](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-zhcn "Simplified Chinese (ZHCN)")
- [Chinese (Traditional) - ZHTW](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-zhtw "Traditional Chinese (ZHTW)")
- [English](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document "English")
- [French](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-fr "French")
- [German](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-de "German")
- [Hindi (in progress)](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-hi "Hindi")
- [Japanese](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-ja "Japanese")
- [Korean](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-ko "Korean")
- [Persian](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-fa "Persian")
- [Portuguese](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-ptpt "Portuguese")
- [Russian](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-ru "Russian")
- [Spanish](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/tree/master/Document-es "Spanish")  

## Gitbook

Read the English version on [Gitbook](https://mobile-security.gitbook.io/masvs/ "GitBook Mobile AppSec Verification Standard"). The book is automatically synchronized with the main repo.

## Create new PDF, EPUB and Word document

> These steps were tested on macOS, Kali and Ubuntu 18

You can find the documents on the [release page](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/releases). If you want to generate the documents yourself, execute the following steps:

- The document creation uses a Docker container, so make sure that you have [Docker installed](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop).

- If using macOS, install `gnu-sed` via brew.

```shell
$ brew install gnu-sed
```

- Clone the MASVS repository:

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/
$ cd owasp-masvs/
```

- Run the document generation script for the chosen language with latin-fonts:

```shell
$ ./tools/docker/pandoc_makedocs_local.sh Document-de LATEST
```

- "Document-de" specifies the folder of the language that is used to generate the documents. Simply replace it with the language you want to use.
- "LATEST" is the string that will be printed on the cover.

- For languages that require non-latin fonts (Chinese, Farsi, Hindi, Japanese, Korean, Russian etc.) the `stable-full` version of Pandocker is required. You can activate it with the `TAG` environment variable, like this:

```shell
$ TAG=stable-full ./tools/docker/pandoc_makedocs.sh Document-hi LATEST
```

This produces PDF, EPUB and DOCX files in the root of the project.

## Exporting to JSON, XML and CSV

The repository contains a Python tool for converting the requirements into various formats. Clone the repo and run `export.py` from the tools folder.

```shell
export.py [-h] [--format {json,xml,csv}] [--lang {es/ru/en/fr/de/zhtw/ja}]
```

## Suggestions and Feedback

To report and error or suggest an improvement, please create an [issue](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/issues "Github issues") or create a Pull Request.

# How to Contribute

The MASVS is an open source effort and we welcome contributions and feedback. If you want to contribute additional content, or improve existing content, we suggest that you first contact us on the OWASP MSTG Slack channel:

<https://owasp.slack.com/messages/project-mobile_omtg/details/>

You can sign up here:

[https://owasp.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-g398htpy-AZ40HOM1WUOZguJKbblqkw#/](https://owasp.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-g398htpy-AZ40HOM1WUOZguJKbblqkw#/)

Before you start contributing, please check our [contribution guide](https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md "Contribution Guide") which should get you started.

# Read Individual Sections of the MASVS Here

- [Foreword](Document/0x01-Foreword.md)
- [Frontispiece](Document/0x02-Frontispiece.md)
- [The Mobile Application Security Verification Standard](Document/0x03-Using_the_MASVS.md)
- [Assessment and Verification](Document/0x04-Assessment_and_Certification.md)
- [V1: Architecture, Design and Threat Modeling Requirements](Document/0x06-V1-Architecture_design_and_threat_modelling_requireme.md)
- [V2: Data Storage and Privacy Requirements](Document/0x07-V2-Data_Storage_and_Privacy_requirements.md)
- [V3: Cryptography Requirements](Document/0x08-V3-Cryptography_Verification_Requirements.md)
- [V4: Authentication and Session Management Requirements](Document/0x09-V4-Authentication_and_Session_Management_Requirements.md)
- [V5: Network Communication Requirements](Document/0x10-V5-Network_communication_requirements.md)
- [V6: Environmental Interaction Requirements](Document/0x11-V6-Interaction_with_the_environment.md)
- [V7: Code Quality and Build Setting Requirements](Document/0x12-V7-Code_quality_and_build_setting_requirements.md)
- [V8: Resiliency Against Reverse Engineering Requirements](Document/0x15-V8-Resiliency_Against_Reverse_Engineering_Requirements.md)
- [Appendix A: Glossary](Document/0x90-Appendix-A_Glossary.md)
- [Appendix B: References](Document/0x91-Appendix-B_References.md)
- [Release notes](CHANGELOG.md)
