Document/02-Frontispiece.md, before:

# About the Standard

<img src="images/owasp_mas_header.png" width="100%" />

The OWASP Mobile Application Security Verification Standard (MASVS) is the industry standard for mobile application security. It provides a comprehensive set of security controls that can be used to assess the security of mobile apps across various platforms (e.g., Android, iOS) and deployment scenarios (e.g., consumer, enterprise). The standard covers the key components of the mobile app attack surface including storage, cryptography, authentication and authorization, network communication, interaction with the mobile platform, code quality and resilience against reverse engineering and tampering.

The OWASP MASVS is the result of years of community effort and industry feedback. We thank all the contributors who have helped shape this standard. We welcome your feedback on the OWASP MASVS at any time, especially as you apply it to your own organization and mobile app development projects. Getting inputs from a variety of mobile app developers will help us improve and update the standard which is revised periodically based on your inputs and feedback.

<https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/discussions>

<https://www.owasp.org/contact>

The OWASP MASVS and MASTG are trusted by the following platform providers and standardization, governmental and educational institutions. [Learn more](https://mas.owasp.org/MASTG/Intro/0x02b-MASVS-MASTG-Adoption/).

<a href="https://mas.owasp.org/MASTG/Intro/0x02b-MASVS-MASTG-Adoption/">
<img src="images/trusted-by-logos.png"/>
</a>

<!-- \pagebreak -->

## Authors

### Bernhard Mueller

Bernhard is a cyber security specialist with a talent for hacking systems of all kinds. During more than a decade in the industry, he has published many zero-day exploits for software such as MS SQL Server, Adobe Flash Player, IBM Director, Cisco VOIP, and ModSecurity. If you can name it, he has probably broken it at least once. BlackHat USA commended his pioneering work in mobile security with a Pwnie Award for Best Research.

### Sven Schleier

Sven is an experienced web and mobile penetration tester and assessed everything from historic Flash applications to progressive mobile apps. He is also a security engineer that supported many projects end-to-end during the SDLC to "build security in". He was speaking at local and international meetups and conferences and is conducting hands-on workshops about web application and mobile app security.

### Jeroen Willemsen

Jeroen is a principal security architect with a passion for mobile security and risk management. He has supported companies as a security coach, a security engineer and as a full-stack developer, which makes him a jack of all trades. He loves explaining technical subjects: from security issues to programming challenges.

### Carlos Holguera

Carlos is a mobile security research engineer who has gained many years of hands-on experience in the field of security testing for mobile apps and embedded systems such as automotive control units and IoT devices. He is passionate about reverse engineering and dynamic instrumentation of mobile apps and is continuously learning and sharing his knowledge.

### Jeroen Beckers

Jeroen is a mobile security lead responsible for quality assurance on mobile security projects and for R&D on all things mobile. Although he started his career as a programmer, he found that it was more fun to take things apart than to put things together, and the switch to security was quickly made. Ever since his master's thesis on Android security, Jeroen has been interested in mobile devices and their (in)security. He loves sharing his knowledge with other people, as is demonstrated by his many talks & trainings at colleges, universities, clients and conferences.

<!-- \pagebreak -->

## Acknowledgements

| Project Lead | Lead Author | Contributors and Reviewers
| ------- | --- | ----------------- |
| Sven Schleier and Carlos Holguera | Bernhard Mueller, Sven Schleier, Jeroen Willemsen and Carlos Holguera | Alexander Antukh, Mesheryakov Aleksey, Elderov Ali, Bachevsky Artem, Jeroen Beckers, Jon-Anthoney de Boer, Damien Clochard, Ben Cheney, Will Chilcutt, Stephen Corbiaux, Manuel Delgado, Ratchenko Denis, Ryan Dewhurst, @empty_jack, Ben Gardiner, Anton Glezman, Josh Grossman, Sjoerd Langkemper, Vinícius Henrique Marangoni, Martin Marsicano, Roberto Martelloni, @PierrickV, Julia Potapenko, Andrew Orobator, Mehrad Rafii, Javier Ruiz, Abhinav Sejpal, Stefaan Seys, Yogesh Sharma, Prabhant Singh, Nikhil Soni, Anant Shrivastava, Francesco Stillavato, Abdessamad Temmar, Pauchard Thomas, Lukasz Wierzbicki |

<br/>

| Language | Translators & Reviewers |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Brazilian Portuguese | Mateus Polastro, Humberto Junior, Rodrigo Araujo, Maurício Ariza, Fernando Galves |
| Chinese (Traditonal) | Peter Chi, Lex Chien, Henry Hu, Leo Wang |
| Chinese (Simplified) | Bob Peng, Harold Zang, Jack S |
| French | Romuald Szkudlarek, Abderrahmane Aftahi, Christian Dong (Review) |
| German | Rocco Gränitz, Sven Schleier (Review) |
| Hindi | Mukesh Sharma, Ritesh Kumar, Kunwar Atul Singh, Parag Dave, Devendra Kumar Sinha, Vikrant Shah |
| Japanese | Koki Takeyama, Riotaro Okada (Review) |
| Korean | Youngjae Jeon, Jeongwon Cho, Jiyou Han, Jiyeon Sung |
| Persian | Hamed Salimian, Ramin Atefinia, Dorna Azhirak, Bardiya Akbari, Mahsa Omidvar, Alireza Mazhari, Milad Khoshdel |
| Portuguese | Ana Filipa Mota, Fernando Nogueira, Filipa Gomes, Luis Fontes, Sónia Dias|
| Russian | Gall Maxim, Eugen Martynov, Chelnokov Vladislav, Oprya Egor, Tereshin Dmitry |
| Spanish | Martin Marsicano, Carlos Holguera |
| Turkish | Anıl Baş, Haktan Emik |
| Greek | Panagiotis Yialouris |

This document started as a fork of the OWASP Application Security Verification Standard written by Jim Manico.

### Donators

While both the MASVS and the MASTG are created and maintained by the community on a voluntary basis, sometimes a little bit of outside help is required. We therefore thank our donators for providing the funds to be able to hire technical editors. Note that their donation does not influence the content of the MASVS or MASTG in any way. The Donation Packages are described on the [OWASP Project Wiki](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Mobile_Security_Testing_Guide#tab=Sponsorship_Packages "OWASP Mobile Application Security Testing Guide Donation Packages").

<img src="images/donators.png"/>

<!-- \pagebreak -->

## Changelog

All our Changelogs are available online at the OWASP MASVS GitHub repository, see the Releases page:

<https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/releases>

## Copyright and License

Copyright © The OWASP Foundation. This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ "Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License"). For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to others the license terms of this work.

<img src="images/CC-license.png" width="150px" />

Commit message:

move contributors to mas website

Document/02-Frontispiece.md, after:

# About the Standard

<img src="images/owasp_mas_header.png" width="100%" />

The OWASP Mobile Application Security Verification Standard (MASVS) is the industry standard for mobile application security. It provides a comprehensive set of security controls that can be used to assess the security of mobile apps across various platforms (e.g., Android, iOS) and deployment scenarios (e.g., consumer, enterprise). The standard covers the key components of the mobile app attack surface including storage, cryptography, authentication and authorization, network communication, interaction with the mobile platform, code quality and resilience against reverse engineering and tampering.

The OWASP MASVS is the result of years of community effort and industry feedback. We thank all the contributors who have helped shape this standard. We welcome your feedback on the OWASP MASVS at any time, especially as you apply it to your own organization and mobile app development projects. Getting inputs from a variety of mobile app developers will help us improve and update the standard which is revised periodically based on your inputs and feedback.

<https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/discussions>

<https://www.owasp.org/contact>

The OWASP MASVS and MASTG are trusted by the following platform providers and standardization, governmental and educational institutions. [Learn more](https://mas.owasp.org/MASTG/Intro/0x02b-MASVS-MASTG-Adoption/).

<a href="https://mas.owasp.org/MASTG/Intro/0x02b-MASVS-MASTG-Adoption/">
<img src="images/trusted-by-logos.png"/>
</a>

<!-- \pagebreak -->

## Authors

### Bernhard Mueller

Bernhard is a cyber security specialist with a talent for hacking systems of all kinds. During more than a decade in the industry, he has published many zero-day exploits for software such as MS SQL Server, Adobe Flash Player, IBM Director, Cisco VOIP, and ModSecurity. If you can name it, he has probably broken it at least once. BlackHat USA commended his pioneering work in mobile security with a Pwnie Award for Best Research.

### Sven Schleier

Sven is an experienced web and mobile penetration tester and assessed everything from historic Flash applications to progressive mobile apps. He is also a security engineer that supported many projects end-to-end during the SDLC to "build security in". He was speaking at local and international meetups and conferences and is conducting hands-on workshops about web application and mobile app security.

### Jeroen Willemsen

Jeroen is a principal security architect with a passion for mobile security and risk management. He has supported companies as a security coach, a security engineer and as a full-stack developer, which makes him a jack of all trades. He loves explaining technical subjects: from security issues to programming challenges.

### Carlos Holguera

Carlos is a mobile security research engineer who has gained many years of hands-on experience in the field of security testing for mobile apps and embedded systems such as automotive control units and IoT devices. He is passionate about reverse engineering and dynamic instrumentation of mobile apps and is continuously learning and sharing his knowledge.

### Jeroen Beckers

Jeroen is a mobile security lead responsible for quality assurance on mobile security projects and for R&D on all things mobile. Although he started his career as a programmer, he found that it was more fun to take things apart than to put things together, and the switch to security was quickly made. Ever since his master's thesis on Android security, Jeroen has been interested in mobile devices and their (in)security. He loves sharing his knowledge with other people, as is demonstrated by his many talks & trainings at colleges, universities, clients and conferences.

<!-- \pagebreak -->

## Contributors

All of our contributors are listed in the Contributing section of the OWASP MAS website:

<https://mas.owasp.org/contributing/>

## Donators

While both the MASVS and the MASTG are created and maintained by the community on a voluntary basis, sometimes a little bit of outside help is required. We therefore thank our donators for providing the funds to be able to hire technical editors. Note that their donation does not influence the content of the MASVS or MASTG in any way. The Donation Packages are described on the [OWASP Project Wiki](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Mobile_Security_Testing_Guide#tab=Sponsorship_Packages "OWASP Mobile Application Security Testing Guide Donation Packages").

<img src="images/donators.png"/>

<!-- \pagebreak -->

## Changelog

All our Changelogs are available online at the OWASP MASVS GitHub repository, see the Releases page:

<https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/releases>

## Copyright and License

Copyright © The OWASP Foundation. This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/ "Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License"). For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to others the license terms of this work.

<img src="images/CC-license.png" width="150px" />
