Document/0x02-Frontispiece.md, before:

# About the Standard

![OWASP Logo](images/OWASP_logo.png)

Welcome to the Mobile Application Security Verification Standard (MASVS). The MASVS is a community effort to establish a framework of security requirements needed to design, develop and test secure mobile apps on iOS and Android.

The MASVS is a culmination of community effort and industry feedback. We expect this standard to evolve over time and welcome feedback from the community.

The best way to get in contact with us is via the OWASP Mobile Project Slack channel: <https://owasp.slack.com/messages/project-mobile_omtg/details/> .

Accounts can be created at the following URL: [https://owasp.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-g398htpy-AZ40HOM1WUOZguJKbblqkw#/](https://owasp.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-g398htpy-AZ40HOM1WUOZguJKbblqkw#/).

## Copyright and License

[![Creative Commons License](images/CC-license.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

Copyright © 2021 The OWASP Foundation. This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/). For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to others the license terms of this work.

<!-- \pagebreak -->

## Acknowledgements

| Project Lead | Lead Author | Contributors and Reviewers
| ------- | --- | ----------------- |
| Sven Schleier and Carlos Holguera | Bernhard Mueller, Sven Schleier, Jeroen Willemsen and Carlos Holguera | Alexander Antukh, Mesheryakov Aleksey, Elderov Ali, Bachevsky Artem, Jeroen Beckers, Jon-Anthoney de Boer, Damien Clochard, Ben Cheney, Will Chilcutt, Stephen Corbiaux, Manuel Delgado, Ratchenko Denis, Ryan Dewhurst, @empty_jack, Ben Gardiner, Anton Glezman, Josh Grossman, Sjoerd Langkemper, Vinícius Henrique Marangoni, Martin Marsicano, Roberto Martelloni, @PierrickV, Julia Potapenko, Andrew Orobator, Mehrad Rafii, Javier Ruiz, Abhinav Sejpal, Stefaan Seys, Yogesh Sharma, Prabhant Singh, Nikhil Soni, Anant Shrivastava, Francesco Stillavato, Abdessamad Temmar, Pauchard Thomas, Lukasz Wierzbicki |

<br/>

| Language | Translators & Reviewers |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Brazilian Portuguese | Mateus Polastro, Humberto Junior, Rodrigo Araujo, Maurício Ariza, Fernando Galves |
| Chinese (Traditonal) | Peter Chi, Lex Chien, Henry Hu, Leo Wang |
| Chinese (Simplified) | Bob Peng, Harold Zang, Jack S |
| French | Romuald Szkudlarek, Abderrahmane Aftahi, Christian Dong (Review) |
| German | Rocco Gränitz, Sven Schleier (Review) |
| Hindi | Mukesh Sharma, Ritesh Kumar, Kunwar Atul Singh, Parag Dave, Devendra Kumar Sinha, Vikrant Shah |
| Japanese | Koki Takeyama, Riotaro Okada (Review) |
| Korean | Youngjae Jeon, Jeongwon Cho, Jiyou Han, Jiyeon Sung |
| Persian | Hamed Salimian, Ramin Atefinia, Dorna Azhirak, Bardiya Akbari, Mahsa Omidvar, Alireza Mazhari, Milad Khoshdel |
| Portuguese | Ana Filipa Mota, Fernando Nogueira, Filipa Gomes, Luis Fontes, Sónia Dias|
| Russian | Gall Maxim, Eugen Martynov, Chelnokov Vladislav, Oprya Egor, Tereshin Dmitry |
| Spanish | Martin Marsicano, Carlos Holguera |
| Turkish | Anıl Baş, Haktan Emik |
| Greek | Panagiotis Yialouris |

This document started as a fork of the OWASP Application Security Verification Standard written by Jim Manico.

### Donators

While both the MASVS and the MASTG are created and maintained by the community on a voluntary basis, sometimes a little bit of outside help is required. We therefore thank our donators for providing the funds to be able to hire technical editors. Note that their donation does not influence the content of the MASVS or MASTG in any way. The Donation Packages are described on the [OWASP Project Wiki](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Mobile_Security_Testing_Guide#tab=Sponsorship_Packages "OWASP Mobile Application Security Testing Guide Donation Packages").

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OWASP/owasp-mastg/master/Document/Images/Donators/donators.png"/>

We would like to thank everybody that bought the book from [Leanpub](https://leanpub.com/mobile-security-testing-guide) and sponsored us that way.

Commit message:

update frontispiece and categories descriptions

Document/0x02-Frontispiece.md, after:

# About the Standard

![OWASP Logo](images/OWASP_logo.png)

The OWASP Mobile Application Security Verification Standard (MASVS) is the industry standard for mobile application security. It provides a comprehensive set of security controls that can be used to assess the security of mobile apps across various platforms (e.g., Android, iOS) and deployment scenarios (e.g., consumer, enterprise). The standard covers the key components of the mobile app attack surface including storage, cryptography, authentication and authorization, network communication, interaction with the mobile platform, code quality and resilience against reverse engineering and tampering.

The OWASP MASVS is the result of years of community effort and industry feedback. We thank all the contributors who have helped shape this standard. We welcome your feedback on the OWASP MASVS at any time, especially as you apply it to your own organization and mobile app development projects. Getting inputs from a variety of mobile app developers will help us improve and update the standard which is revised periodically based on your inputs and feedback.

<https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/discussions>

<https://www.owasp.org/contact>

## Copyright and License

[![Creative Commons License](images/CC-license.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

Copyright © 2023 The OWASP Foundation. This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/). For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to others the license terms of this work.

<!-- \pagebreak -->

## Acknowledgements

| Project Lead | Lead Author | Contributors and Reviewers
| ------- | --- | ----------------- |
| Sven Schleier and Carlos Holguera | Bernhard Mueller, Sven Schleier, Jeroen Willemsen and Carlos Holguera | Alexander Antukh, Mesheryakov Aleksey, Elderov Ali, Bachevsky Artem, Jeroen Beckers, Jon-Anthoney de Boer, Damien Clochard, Ben Cheney, Will Chilcutt, Stephen Corbiaux, Manuel Delgado, Ratchenko Denis, Ryan Dewhurst, @empty_jack, Ben Gardiner, Anton Glezman, Josh Grossman, Sjoerd Langkemper, Vinícius Henrique Marangoni, Martin Marsicano, Roberto Martelloni, @PierrickV, Julia Potapenko, Andrew Orobator, Mehrad Rafii, Javier Ruiz, Abhinav Sejpal, Stefaan Seys, Yogesh Sharma, Prabhant Singh, Nikhil Soni, Anant Shrivastava, Francesco Stillavato, Abdessamad Temmar, Pauchard Thomas, Lukasz Wierzbicki |

<br/>

| Language | Translators & Reviewers |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Brazilian Portuguese | Mateus Polastro, Humberto Junior, Rodrigo Araujo, Maurício Ariza, Fernando Galves |
| Chinese (Traditonal) | Peter Chi, Lex Chien, Henry Hu, Leo Wang |
| Chinese (Simplified) | Bob Peng, Harold Zang, Jack S |
| French | Romuald Szkudlarek, Abderrahmane Aftahi, Christian Dong (Review) |
| German | Rocco Gränitz, Sven Schleier (Review) |
| Hindi | Mukesh Sharma, Ritesh Kumar, Kunwar Atul Singh, Parag Dave, Devendra Kumar Sinha, Vikrant Shah |
| Japanese | Koki Takeyama, Riotaro Okada (Review) |
| Korean | Youngjae Jeon, Jeongwon Cho, Jiyou Han, Jiyeon Sung |
| Persian | Hamed Salimian, Ramin Atefinia, Dorna Azhirak, Bardiya Akbari, Mahsa Omidvar, Alireza Mazhari, Milad Khoshdel |
| Portuguese | Ana Filipa Mota, Fernando Nogueira, Filipa Gomes, Luis Fontes, Sónia Dias|
| Russian | Gall Maxim, Eugen Martynov, Chelnokov Vladislav, Oprya Egor, Tereshin Dmitry |
| Spanish | Martin Marsicano, Carlos Holguera |
| Turkish | Anıl Baş, Haktan Emik |
| Greek | Panagiotis Yialouris |

This document started as a fork of the OWASP Application Security Verification Standard written by Jim Manico.

### Donators

While both the MASVS and the MASTG are created and maintained by the community on a voluntary basis, sometimes a little bit of outside help is required. We therefore thank our donators for providing the funds to be able to hire technical editors. Note that their donation does not influence the content of the MASVS or MASTG in any way. The Donation Packages are described on the [OWASP Project Wiki](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Mobile_Security_Testing_Guide#tab=Sponsorship_Packages "OWASP Mobile Application Security Testing Guide Donation Packages").

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OWASP/owasp-mastg/master/Document/Images/Donators/donators.png"/>

We would like to thank everybody that bought the book from [Leanpub](https://leanpub.com/mobile-security-testing-guide) and sponsored us that way.
